registry/index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Registry
---

<div class="alert alert-success">
We realize many of you will be traveling quite far to join us, and
that coming to Martha's Vineyard in August can be quite expensive.
<br/>
We'll both be more than happy with only the gift of your company!
</div>

Since Katie and I are still figuring out where we will live together, we haven't
registered for many larger items. We would certainly welcome financial
assistance to help with the larger items: new bed, furniture, etc., but sadly
would have no place to put them in the meantime!



Amazon
------
We've registered for a few household items at
[Amazon](http://www.amazon.com/registry/wedding/3MTWKTR9NK6CL)

Macy's
------
The dish set we picked seems cheapest at
[Macy's](http://www1.macys.com/registry/wedding/guest/?registryId=6366319). You
can buy these pieces individually (~20-25 dollars each).

Cash
----
As noted above, since we don't quite know where we'll be living in August, we've
tried to only register for things we'll be able to easily move. Cash gifts can of course be made in person, or by mail.<br/>
Please address letters to:

<div class="container address">
<p>Attn: Katherine LeVan</p>
<p>National Ecological Observatory Network</p>
<p>1685 38th St #100</p>
<p>Boulder, CO 80301</p>
</div>

Commit message:

updating wording for the registry per Josie's recommendation

registry/index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Registry
---

<div class="alert alert-success">
We realize many of you will be traveling quite far to join us, and
that coming to Martha's Vineyard in August can be quite expensive.
<br/>
We'll both be more than happy with only the gift of your company!
</div>

Since Katie and I are still figuring out where we will live together, we haven't
registered for many larger items. We would certainly welcome financial
assistance to help with the larger items: new bed, furniture, etc., but sadly
would have no place to put them in the meantime!



Amazon
------
We've registered for a few household items at
[Amazon](http://www.amazon.com/registry/wedding/3MTWKTR9NK6CL)

Macy's
------
The dish set we picked is available at [Macy's](http://www1.macys.com/registry/wedding/guest/?registryId=6366319), where we've created an additional registry. Since the set is *a la carte*, each item is listed individually.

Cash
----
As noted above, since we don't quite know where we'll be living in August, we've
tried to only register for things we'll be able to easily move. Cash gifts can of course be made in person, or by mail.<br/>
Please address letters to:

<div class="container address">
<p>Attn: Katherine LeVan</p>
<p>National Ecological Observatory Network</p>
<p>1685 38th St #100</p>
<p>Boulder, CO 80301</p>
</div>
